hi guys you loved the online IELTS
writing master class so we're back again
but this time we're bringing you a whole
new experience for the first time we're
bringing the online world into the
classroom with our first you to language
campus event here in Melbourne we know
that the IELTS writing tasks 1 & 2 can
be a bit tricky so we're here to help so
come join me
Jamal and me J for this special
opportunity to learn all we know about
the IELTS writing right here on e to
campus and to celebrate our special
offer once you register you'll also get
access to our budget package which
includes all of the IELTS training
materials methods mock tests and live
classes register now
[Music]